Grandpa even found the emperor?
He was expected to come
Old man, I'm right here waiting for him
Ouch grandpa
Stop playing this shit
Think of a way
Oh, what are you afraid of?
I went to the patriarch's office and asked for two talismans
Exterminate evil and destroy ghosts
It was originally prepared for that pair of ghosts
It happened suddenly today
I had no choice but to use it on Brother Chen
Lingfo
Where is Grandpa's Buddha?
Hurry up and post one for me.
They all say it's a spiritual Buddha
How can you recognize people easily?
Besides, just your three-legged kung fu
I just give you the talisman
Are you not using waste paper?
If you don't give it, don't give it.
Why are you hitting me?
Okay, stop talking nonsense
I'm going to pick me up outside
Let you and the Chen brothers have no entry or exit
You find a place to hide in the house
If you don't hear me calling you, don't go out and hide
Grandpa, this house is this size
Where am I going to hide?
Evil does not bow its head, ghosts do not possess
Just hide under the table
Here, under the table
Will this work?
The scourge you provoke is coming
If you don't refer to it, just wait for death. Okay, okay.
Hey, grandpa, you have to come back early.
This grandson talks a lot
I'm begging you.